[Applause]
it really does it's been a long time
since the first frozen I feel like I
don't know I feel like like my kids were
like just born or so yeah I get money
actually older than my daughter
yeah did you know they made five Fast
and Furious movies since my daughter is
five and a half yes my little one yes oh
it was before she was six years eight
husbands but it's also been sort of six
years in the making and this movie is it
has matured with its audience that's
what I'll say is that the idea what the
movie is that you want those same kids
who were little when it came out now
it's it's tailored towards them or is it
tailored towards you both it's the same
philosophy as a Fast and the Furious
franchise you want to grow with Vin
Diesel's curve I say I see that makes
sense yeah I feel like I feel like we
ran inside the Actor's video just
watching this great interview with the -
yeah yeah like you got really good seats
for like you guys look like you look
like auction winners right now
[Applause]
I'm sure you know this but the movie set
a record for ticket advance ticket sales
so people are obviously very excited to
go see hey Siri how much do I see of
that but that's so you guys the premiere
is across the street tonight
do you have big groups of people who
have jumped on board Kristen are you
bringing your router's no I'm not they
don't do well in situations where I
can't pay attention to them so they know
my premieres they don't need it they
demand your full attention rekt I say so
I'm brie I'm actually bringing an option
winner because I had a raffle I'm an
ambassador for the women's peace and
humanitarian fund I will not make them
cinnamon Adina how about you Liam I am
bringing my son who's 10 years old and
he's bringing his good friend and they
love basketball and not so much into
Disney Princesses you're not so I made
sure he had like a friend cyst in case
they were super bored and I just wanted
to see if mommy's cool just for one side
I'm hoping one day he hears the music
and he doesn't tell me to shut up
yeah it's hard to hear your mother sing
I don't know what it is there's
something in our DNA as human beings
that we reject it is your son he doesn't
think you're cool at all I think I mean
he was in a music class and the teacher
asked everybody who their favorite
singer was and he actually raised his
hand and said his mom but he didn't tell
me that teachers tell me that but
normally when I'm in the house of
practicing all the songs like from
frozen and they're really high and
really annoying like my mom joke my mom
I mean your your mom usually but he's
young hey Siri did that joke work mom be
like I mean little kids say my mom sings
let it go he's been like so do I and
they're like no my mom seems let it go
he's like no my mom really sings let it
well you know they should maybe you can
let him carry this clip around and
people will know Jonathan what about you
do you have an entourage I have a huge
entourage who's in your entourage from
Lancaster Pennsylvania
so it's oh wow that's not true yeah
exactly it's so they've never seen like
moving vehicles and said like this is
really gonna be something them weeks to
get here it's my boyfriend my mom my
brother his wife and my two-year-old and
four-year-old nieces oh boy oh you gotta
be number one on so yeah number one oh
yeah yeah yeah and Josh your children
know I'm bringing a couple of friends
Therese the rock
yeah yeah I think you got the wrong
movie is I I have my kids are coming my
parents are coming okay it's basically
the same as Jonathan just choose so
there will be a lot of Jews at the thing
tonight what you're saying okay great
well that's good have you told your kids
any of you what happens because it is
like it's a secret and it's early Kate
brown was here the other night who
wouldn't even tell me if he sings in it
I thought my kids all of it you did yeah
in an attempt to do what a Dean is doing
which is you just so badly want your
kids to think you're cool and I say that
to them all the time I'm like you don't
get it I'm literally a cool mom you
don't understand what they want nothing
to do with it so when we first read the
script like two and a half years ago
three years ago I came home and I was
like okay here's how it goes and I told
them everything and I told them just
keep it a secret then it occurred to me
kids are bad secret keepers yes and I'm
in breach my contract yeah I am two
weeks out from these heart palpitations
going away that Disney won't sue me Oh
more weeks that was a big mistake really
yeah yeah yes because I've met your
daughters and they're very talkative and
I get easily I could I could see them
just I could see them telling every
telling I wanted them to be like wow
that happens and then I I blew it did
they tell you the entire plot line by
the way of the usual suspects did you
tell your kids I showed my kids the
movie I didn't tell him anything I put
it to them and then I started freaking
out because I too was like oh I think I
signed some Disney agreements that
prevent me from doing right yeah I'm
speak about the spoilers and afterwards
I would like put them to bed at night
and be like remember we don't talk about
it
you know and I'm like cuz you know daddy
wants you guys to keep having dinner I'd
be able to sleep with a roof over your
head daddy would hate to see you replace
your back of a non-disclosure agreement
yeah that's how they hey Siri is that
non-disclosure yeah if your daughter's
just blame it on the gag kids they're
the ones who blab I think a lot of
people are gonna be surprised that while
we're speaking about secrets by this
story that we found frozen - Elsa
actually Kristoff sister and family
secret shop whoa Ana's also Kristoff
sister yes it would
it's like Game of Thrones Lion monster
angry I'm a demon on straightest mistake
of your life we didn't even kiss you
we all got it okay Olaf you're up okay
so much easier now that I can read
lightning round
boys against girls okay I'm ready I'm
ready
go unicorn I scream castle oaken teapot
maps Oh Elsa I don't think Olaf should
get to rearrange
opens November 22nd Jonathan you have a
you have a song in this one yes I do
have a song in this it's okay Kristen
who wrote the music for the first movie
wrote music for the second and they
wrote this amazing 80s
jam I heard your mother is like a huge
fan of frozen in the first place she is
yeah she's got frozen tissues she's got
she's got actually duct tape with my
character on it hanging in the garage me
duct tape I don't know where she got the
Kristof spend duct tape but it exists
and it's in my garage is that your
favorite piece of merchandise involving
your character hands town how about you
guys well what is there anything that's
caught your eye that you go oh that's
unusual there's an Olaf potty training
toilet see that's pretty unusual unusual
as duct tape you know yeah that tape is
a broad utilitarian well kids love duct
tape I mean there's sandwich bags but I
can't really use them because my son
would be embarrassed right yeah yeah
Christian you have anything I mean every
everything even though everything but
it's rarely my kids they have the dolls
but everyone at school has all the
frozen stuff you just see every you it's
hard to believe how many things have
frozen on it yeah from like sandwich
bags to duct tape and like the potty for
instance the Olaf potty those yeah Olaf
say like anything you know that rested
in a couple of years but I like warm
stuff
how did you come up with the voice for
all I was did you was that based on the
Snowman you know quite a few absolutely
you know it was trial and error when in
you know tried some low voices turns out
I am Olaf doesn't quite work and that
the same ring to it we originally when I
first started recording
he had a lisp like a deep Lisp and then
we realized that it doesn't quite work
for a character who sings a song called
in thumber limiting yeah you know you
guys both of you are getting stars on
the Hollywood Walk of Fame this your 10
year old will it will it will respond to
and think is cool I think so I mean I'm
hoping so I did not to brag about
another movie or anything but I just
have a small part in this
Adam shown the room but kevin garnett is
in that movie hoping that maybe that
will make me cool and maybe I could like
invite Kevin Garnett to give like the
speech yeah and then my son would think
I was so close because of when I was at
the Toronto Film Festival I didn't know
him or anything we didn't do any scenes
together and I went up to him and I was
like I'll trade you did you have a
little girl he was like I do like okay
I'll sing something on the phone to your
girls and make a video if you all give
some advice to my aspiring fast ball
playing son well have you figured out
because that traditionally you get one
or two celebrities do you know somebody
have a personal connection with to
present you with the star told us to
pick two and I think I both been like
yeah because I mean these are my
celebrity friends I would yeah invite
that I was gonna ask you to do it I will
do it was like he's walking across the
street but I think you're busy oh I'm
not trying I don't have a lot of
celebrity fans like closest friends that
I feel like bothering and then I could
we do each other as you guys are just
like figuring this out now yeah
there's two guys right behind you a week
in town I feel like yeah Jonathan's
doing little shop in New York yes get
really desperate and I said some typos
this you know john travolta he
apologized to me years ago it's like
anything you need and I never called it
in even better even better you'll figure
it out yeah okay so listen I have a
something I'd like to ask you guys to do
we did this once with the Avengers we
asked them the actors to draw their
character and the results were quite
wonderful so what I have and if you want
passing that to Edina and Josh you mind
passing that to Jonathan and each got
your own little arts and crafts set here
and what I would love for you to do I
got pads too is to draw your character
and when we come back serious listen
that I've never been more serious than I
am right now
and if you wanna lean you can hear I can
hold up for you Feeny and we're gonna do
a little bit of drawing when we're
during the commercial and we come back
we will see the results already Josh is
covered in purple stuff so we'll be
right back with the cast of frozen -
we've you guys are hard-working you're
taking this seriously I like pie there's
no fool around going before the break
we've asked these guys to draw a picture
of their character from frozen you had
no preparation you have nothing to model
it from and shall we reveal that's
Kristin would you like to begin really
good Wow all right very good
Adina Oh
marry it's like a fashion drawing very
well done Jonathan I see you got a lot
of colors there oh it's very Amish
country it's got a very very puritanical
kind of feel to it
duct tape back there all right Josh I'm
so sad
I drew my character also
[Laughter]
so what we're gonna do if you guys don't
mind and I assume you don't mind and if
you do your monsters we're going to put
those online and auction them off and
give the proceeds to Toys for top yeah
I'll take a month collect everything
when you were kids when you were a young
young people
what was your frozen what was the the
movie whether it be animated or whatever
that you were nuts for I was obsessed
with my fair lady
over and over again and I would sing
into the mirror just you enry iggins
[Applause]
Medina mine was Annie the Broadway show
and then the movies but the Broadway
show did you go as Annie for Halloween
and do that sort I did not just at the
time I wanted to war I wanted to
audition and my mom wasn't she would she
didn't believe in me being a working kid
so she we would fight about it a lot it
would stay in backstage magazine you
could only be like 411 or something like
that Jonathan how about you there I had
so many but definitely The Wizard of Oz
yeah I was Dorothy and our production
that we do it my dad's fine you did a
barn production huh yeah well you're
really going heavy with the grand cast
that stuff in the barn huh Wow
I know and drag Josh you I also have a
bunch but I would go with Porky's to mom
okay no I mind was the Goonies mine was
the Guney
I watched that movie about 500 times and
and I wanted to be chunked so badly and
start a relationship with a deformed
figure named sloth and when did you
realize when did you know that frozen we
I'm sure you knew it was gonna be a big
deal it's a Disney movie but when did
you realize that it was well beyond a
big deal it took a while I think one day
when we watched it I think we all we've
talked about this before so I can speak
for the group we felt like oh wow we
kind of broke a mold we did a movie
about familial love and self-love and
you know instead of romantic love and we
were we were really proud of the film
and then I think it was like just every
week later we were checking the box I
was going haha that's really hot
wow there's so that's really yeah that's
holding that's holding at number one
yeah yeah and then of course it just
became pervasive it was just every all
the time every kid every little girl was
belting her heart out singing me I
remember I couldn't get bless you I
couldn't get a dress for one of my
daughters who wanted to be Elsa and
there no one would sell it and I
remember seeing Bob Iger who runs Disney
and I was like I hate to ask you this
[Laughter]
I'm not gonna lie I got the very last
one out of our resort in Hawaii like
he's like grandchild and I was like oh
okay could we split it it was so crazy
how it just overnight it just sort of
became this thing unbelievable yeah did
you ever get that dress
yes I'm actually wearing it oh well I'm
sure this is gonna be a whole another
round of craziness the movie comes out
on November 22nd if you're a parent you
know that for sure already it's called
frozen to Kristen Bell Idina Menzel
Jonathan Groff and Josh GAD thank you
the drawings will be auctioning these
off online we'll be right back with
music from the teske brothers
thanks for watching and remember every
time you click the subscribe button one
of your enemies gets destroyed